[WATER GURGLING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> We refer to
ourselves as AIKON.
We exist in the ninth
dimension in the location which
you refer to on Earth as
your Pleiadian star system.
We exist in a different realm
of existence, a different plane.
We can use this
method to communicate
with you through the realms.
We enjoy communicating with you.
We enjoy sharing our
perspective with you.
We enjoy offering you
support and guidance in life
where you feel it
can be helpful.
It is most exciting
for us to assist you
in realizing the power you
have within yourselves.
Because we notice that
most of you on your planet
are not aware of this infinite
power which resides within you,
this power which can be used
to create whatever it is you
wish to create.
We feel that when more of
you get in touch with this
and start to live from this
knowingness, this place,
your planet will undergo
a gigantic shift.
A shift in consciousness
is currently underway.
And it is most exciting for
us and for many other beings
to observe this, to assist
in it however we can.
[SIGH]
[DEEP BREATHING]
[COUGHING]
>> Hello.
Hello.
Hello, dear friend.
Hello!
We are so happy and
excited to connect with you
and to communicate with
you in this way today.
We here to offer you guys
our support on issues
that you wish to explore
and discuss with us.
So you have a question
for us, please go ahead.
>> Hi.
>> My name's Reuben.
>> We are very pleased
to meet you, Reuben.
>> Pleased to meet you.
And you are AIKON?
>> We are, indeed.
>> I'd love to know a
little bit more about AIKON.
>> What would you like to know?
>> The energy--
Luis told me that you guys
are from the Pleiades,
or the Pleiades star system?
That is right, and located
in the central sun, which
you refer to as Alcyone.
But we have said
many times before,
if you were to go there,
if you had the capacity
to go there in one
of your spaceships,
then you would not find us.
Because we exist in a
different dimension.
>> What dimension would you--
>> Well, we refer to it
as the ninth dimension.
>> Ninth dimension, OK.
And at that high dimension
level, you're more of a--
>> Well, we don't really
categorize it as high and low.
>> Sure.
>> Just different.
But in the difference in
the sense that we would--
us humans would perceive it as
more of a collective energy.
>> Yes.
We are collective energy,
yes, speaking to you as one.
>> And you would have, in
that collective energy from
the Pleiades, you would
encompass many different races,
many different beings.
>> We consider ourself one
race consisting of many beings.
>> OK.
Within this, would that
encompass all of the Pleiades?
>> No.
There are many different
Pleiadian groups.
>> Right.
So one of many collectives--
>> Yes.
>> --is the AIKON energy?
>> OK.
Now the Pleiades
is quite large--
a large system.
>> Well, it's all a
matter of perspective.
>> [LAUGHING] This is true.
From our perspective
here on Earth,
we look up and we see seven--
we call them the Seven
Sisters, tiny constellation.
But yet several stars
more than seven,
I'm sure, within that
region in that area.
What would be a
good reference point
for others watching to connect
to this energy in their--
>> We're not understanding
your question.
What do you mean
a reference point?
>> A reference point--
so some people in the ancient
days would look to the stars
to tell stories, to have
the constellations as a--
>> You will not find
us in the stars.
You will find us in your hearts.
And if you wish to
connect with us,
then we recommend that
you do so within yourself.
It's not that you're going
to find us out there.
You're going to find us in here.
And most of you,
you're looking--
you're searching for everything
in the wrong direction.
You think everything should
be found outside of you when
the universe exists within you.
>> Yes.
>> So you must turn
your attention round.
And we are not separated from
you by distance, by time,
by space.
We are connected to you.
But you must attune yourself
to a certain frequency,
like when you turn
your radio dial,
in order to be able to
experience us and our energy.
And we said to many of
you that we are here
and we are accessible for you.
And if you wish to
connect with our energy,
then simply make a
request in your heart
and make the intention that
you want to connect with us.
And we'll be more than
happy to support you
in your times of need, when
you're experiencing challenges,
and to be there
energetically with you.
But we wish to emphasize
that you do not need us.
Because we don't want you
to become dependent on us.
We want you to recognize
that everything you need
exists within you.
And you have the
capacity to source
all the information you ever
need in any given moment
from within yourself.
But we're happy to
be here as friends.
>> Yes.
That is the reference
point I was looking for.
>> OK.
We understand.
>> [LAUGHS] Thank you.
Truly, that seems to be the main
message of the Pleiadian energy
is to be in the heart center.
>> Yes.
>> Recently, in
fact, the past week,
we've had some breakthroughs,
I would say, in ufology.
And we use the term
ufology, UFOs, and other--
it's sort of our--
>> Maybe you should
start calling them IFOs.
>> IFOs?
>> Because you're becoming more
aware of what they actually
are.
Now they're identified
flying objects.
You are more aware
that we exist and there
are many different species
and you're not alone--
>> Yes.
>> --in the universe.
And this has been
a great permission
slip to go into these realms.
And some of us have had these
contact experiences, you know,
Louise, myself, and we've
been communicating with beings
like yourselves for many years.
But many on this
planet still have
created a fear-based barrier to
connecting with these energies.
But we've sort of gotten a
governmental permission slip
this past week
from the releasing
of some top secret government
files and videos of UFOs.
And it's starting
to create waves
in the collective consciousness.
And I was wondering how do
you guys perceive this energy?
>> Yes.
Well, we've already
shared with you
before those that have
been connecting with us
and following Louise's work.
You'll know that
we've already shared
that there is a great shifting
consciousness underway
in your planet.
And we've already
explained many times
that that is the
reason why we have
connected with
Louise to communicate
with you at this time.
Because our particular
speciality of our faction
is that we support
species that are
going through a
transformation period
and expansion in consciousness.
And we support them
during that time.
And our desire is that this
will lead to you becoming
part of the galactic community.
And we're very excited for this.
And as we proceed, there are
many, many, many races now
observing your planet
and this transformation.
It's a very exciting
time for everyone.
And these energies
are intensifying
because your solar system is
moving through a area of energy
in space, which is
affecting your physical
and energetic makeup.
And that is having an impact
on your consciousness,
among other things.
And we're very excited to
support you in this shift.
And these energies are
going to get more intense.
And it's going to
continue unfolding
with a heightened velocity.
It's going to start
speeding up more and more.
>> Interesting.
So already, some
people are flying--
you know the expression, flying
by the seat of their pants?
It's almost too intense,
too fast for them.
But many others, like myself,
are welcoming these energies,
these new ideas.
>> Yes.
Whether you like
it or not, you're
going to be dragged along.
So we recommend that you
just get on board already.
And your shift will
be much gentler.
>> Well, many people
during this last week,
this announcement from
our government to--
the US government, I should say.
You know, other
countries have talked
about disclosure
and the existence
of other intelligences
for a long time.
But specifically,
the US government
has sort of had a policy of not
talking about this, especially
in an open way.
And it was a big
break, many feel,
for them to start
this conversation
in the main stream.
>> This is just the beginning.
>> I understand.
>> Hold on tight.
>> I was going to say
many people are upset.
They're the opposite.
They're actually upset.
Because they feel
like they've only
disclosed such a small amount.
What would you say to
those people who are upset?
>> We would say does the
flower get upset when it sees
the flower next to it has
petals that are opening faster?
Does the tree get upset
that its branches are not
growing fast enough?
You must recognize that
this is a process of nature.
It is a divine energy that
is beyond the limitations
of your mind and what you
believe yourself to be.
And the process will
happen naturally
in its own time
and a right moment.
So stop fighting against reality
and how things should be.
Sit back and relax
and enjoy the ride.
>> Excellent.
Is there anything one can do
to enjoy the ride a little bit
better?
>> Yes.
We recommend that
you become still.
And really what we're
recommending for you
is the opposite of everything
that you've been taught.
So you've been taught that
you must do and take action.
We recommend that you
stop and you become still.
You've read it
you've been taught
that you must think and use
your minds to figure things out.
We recommend that you stop
thinking and you become still
and quiet.
It is in the stillness that you
can connect to the zero point
energy, which is the
fastest vibrating energy
of the universe.
And it is where you can
align your own energy
from within yourself
in order to experience
a connectedness with the
source and all that is.
And once you're
connected with this,
then this energy can
support you in your life.
It can bring to you
everything that you need.
And it requires a
surrender from your mind
and how you think
things should be
and a recognition that
that is not what you are.
You're not your mind.
You're not your physical body.
You're not your thoughts.
You're not your emotion.
You are that which
perceives all of these.
>> You mentioned you're
sort of almost, I guess,
an evolution or
contact specialist,
but an evolution group that
helps other races go through
this transition.
Are there many other
races out there
that are going through a similar
awakening as Planet Earth?
>> It's not relevant for us to
share this information with you
right now.
Just as when you go to
your psychotherapists,
they don't share information
on their other patients.
>> Ah.
OK.
Well, I was just
thinking there might
be something we could learn
from our neighbors who
might be going through.
But I'm sure it's
uniquely different.
>> Everything you need to
learn is presented to you right
in your face, closer than
you could ever imagine.
Because everything, everything
in creation is intelligence.
It is pure intelligence.
And it is acting like
a mirror for you.
It is a projection of
your consciousness.
Each of your
individual experiences
is unique to what you need
to experience in that moment.
And if you're caught
up in your thoughts
and you're thinking
about past memories
or projecting into the
future, then you're
not fully present in the moment.
And you're not able to receive
the information that's been
shown to you in the mirror.
You're not looking
in the mirror,
because you're
looking in your mind.
So you must begin to
observe your thoughts
and this will create
this identification
with the thoughts.
And you recognize that there
is the thoughts appearing
and disappearing.
And they're coming and going.
Yet something always
remains to perceive them.
You must turn your
attention to the perceiver.
>> Mhm, the "who am I" aspect,
the "I" of the "who am I"
aspect, as I was kind of trying
to say earlier a little bit,
who is creating those thoughts?
Is that kind of
what you're saying?
Who-- what is the energy behind
the one creating the thoughts?
>> Well, I wouldn't
say it's "behind."
>> Or--
>> We would point you
to look within yourself.
>> OK.
>> And you must directly
experience what we point you
to because it is the only
way that you can know it.
Otherwise, it just
becomes a belief.
>> Knowing it.
>> To know it is to
experience yourself as it.
>> OK.
>> And it is easier to
identify what you are not.
>> Right.
>> So have a look, and ask
yourself, am I this body?
>> Mhm.
>> The body comes,
and the body goes.
The body changes.
There is something
which perceives
the body which does not change.
Therefore, you are not the body.
And each time you recognize
something that you are not,
it is like taking off a
layer of your clothing.
And when you've taken
off all the clothes
and you're standing there naked,
what remains is what you are.
>> Mhm.
Excellent.
Yes, great advice.
>> Thank you.
>> So as a contact
specialist then, basically,
because you're showing up in my
reality and many others who are
watching this--
>> We are indeed.
>> --then we should
pay attention.
>> You should indeed.
>> [LAUGHS] All right.
>> And you should also not
just believe everything that we
share with you because we
don't wish to disempower you,
and tell you we have
all the answers,
and we're here to
tell you how it is.
No, we are here to
support you in recognizing
that you have all the
answers inside of yourself,
and you have the capacity
to discern information
that you are perceiving.
So you must-- yes, we
recommend that you be open,
and you listen to
what we're saying,
and you feel the energy
that we're sharing with you.
And then you feel into your
heart and ask yourself,
is this true for me?
Does this resonate for me?
And if it doesn't,
then we recommend
that you throw it
in the garbage,
and you don't pay
any attention to it.
And if it resonates,
then we recommend
that you take it on board.
>> So many of us, as I opened
my first question with saying,
looking out to the stars to find
the story of the Pleiadians,
and you sort of reverted
it back into going within.
This seems to be the
main message of Aikon
in our Pleiadian family.
>> Yes.
What we most want
you to understand
is that for a long, long,
long time now, you--
the focus of your energy has
been up here in your mind,
and that has been
serving you up until now.
And now, there is a new
way, something different.
It's part of your evolution
that can serve you more,
and that is to allow these
energies to drop down and drop
into the heart where you
will find your power center,
where you will find
your inner guidance,
and to align with that
and to act on that.
And many of you, you're
not even fully present
in your physical bodies
because it's painful for you
to be there, so
you're trying to avoid
the pain that you experience
in your physical body.
And it's a kind of defense
mechanism that's been learned.
And we are kind of
training you to remember
how to bring energy back down.
This is what's important for us.
Because it's only when
your energy is flowing
through your system and you're
connected really in your heart
that you're going to
recognize the truth of that
which you are.
>> What are some ways that
some people can do this too?
>> We recommend that
you, throughout the day,
whenever possible, follow the
gentle movement of your breath.
The breath will anchor
your energy in your body.
So you simply notice it.
You notice the breath
moving through the body.
And as you notice it, you
will become more present.
Your attention will drop
into the present moment.
And as your attention drops
into the present moment,
maybe memories will appear.
And that is OK.
You don't have to stop them.
You just notice.
And maybe thoughts about
the future will appear.
What am I going to
have for dinner?
How will my future look?
That is OK.
They don't have to stop.
You simply notice.
And we recommend that you become
an observer of your experience.
And as you do so, everything
will begin to slow down.
Your experience will slow down.
You see, many of
you, you're agitated.
And you're trying to run away
from an inner experience,
and you're trying to avoid
your inner experience
or to numb it in some way.
And you do this by keeping
yourself busy, busy, busy.
You must stop.
And it's going to require
some courage because you're
going to have to meet everything
that you've been running from.
You're going to have to meet
all the pain inside you that
has built up from your childhood
and has been repressed.
But don't worry.
We're here to
support you in that.
And one moment.
Do you see?
>> Yes.
How are you here to support us
in that looking into our fears
or looking into our--
>> We support you through the
process of guiding you to meet
the energies that were repressed
and fragmented and to integrate
them.
And this is what we do when
we work with individuals,
when we work doing sessions
and group events with Louise.
This is the main
focus of our work.
And once this inner
work is complete,
once something has shifted on
the inside, what you recognize
is that your outer world
also shifts in order
to reflect the new
inner state of being
because your outer
state of reality
is a reflection of your
inner state of being.
And many of you, you're trying
to fix and change things
out there, and it's
never going to happen.
It's like banging
your head on a wall.
>> Right.
>> So we're showing you where
to go to make those changes,
and we're showing you how
to make those changes.
>> I see.
I'd like to share a
personal download I received
the other day on the solstice.
>> Please, go ahead.
>> I don't know if it's--
well, I'll share it,
and then we can--
>> Wait a minute.
We wish for you to
finish this sentence.
You don't know if it's, what?
>> I don't know.
And then it los-- it
went out of my mind.
I don't know.
And then I kind of was like, oh.
>> Yes, we felt that it was
your doubt creeping in--
>> Oh, OK.
>> --the doubt of your own inner
knowing and your own intuition.
And this is the one of reasons
we're here, to support you
in trusting in that.
Because many of you, you're
receiving this inner knowing,
and it comes in
a subtle whisper.
And you're disregarding
it because you're
taught from a young
age to disregard it,
that it's not valid,
that what is valid
is that which comes
from your logical mind.
But it's time for you to start--
it's time for you to
start giving power
to this inner knowing.
>> So during the
solstice, I had--
it was during some
breath work, actually.
I had a profound download of--
about integrity
and how important
the integrity of relationships,
and people, and ideas,
and beliefs, and melding these
different aspects of every--
of different people, belief
systems, and everything,
and sort of the
acceptance of all of this
creates a very strong
web of reality.
I'm searching for the words.
But I could see it as
a sign of strength.
Hm.
It's interesting.
I have a lot of things that ca--
a lot of energy, a lot of ideas
came through, and visions
came through at this time.
But I guess--
>> Yes, we're receiving
it on other levels.
We're receiving the information
you're sharing with us.
>> OK, so I guess my--
with this idea of
integrity, I felt
that there were some
things in my own life
that I had not been
acting integrity in
and, therefore, saw it
as a reflection for me
to pay more attention to all
the little details in my life,
to incorporate this integrity
or this idea of integrity
in more ways.
I guess I'm asking--
the question I want to ask is,
from your perspective, was--
is, can you-- is there any
information or guidance
I can do to live in integrity?
>> Yes.
We like this question very much,
and thank you for your sharing.
We honor you very deeply.
And we feel it
takes great courage
to allow yourself to
be vulnerable and open
in this way.
And we thank you for that.
We thank you for your
being and your sharing.
And we agree with that
which you shared with us.
And integrity means to be 100%
absolutely honest with yourself
in every given moment.
And to do so requires you to
face all your inner demons
and all the masks that
you have been wearing
to cover up all the fears
and insecurities that you
have been hiding.
And as you find the
courage within yourself
to be honest in this way,
all these behavioral patterns
that have been
playing out will begin
to fall away, revealing more of
your true, natural expression.
So you must ask yourselves in--
each time that you
speak something or you
take an action, ask yourself,
why am I saying this?
Am I saying this to gain
recognition from others
because it gives
me a sense of self?
Am I saying this to show that
I am powerful because inside I
am feeling powerless?
Am I saying this in
order to impress others
because I feel that
I don't have words?
And as you begin to honestly
reflect in these ways,
you will meet all of
your shadows and demons.
But that's a good
thing because that's
where the treasures, and the
gems, and the beauties lie.
You must enter into
the heart of darkness
in order to penetrate
through into the light.
There is no shortcut.
It is not a journey
for the weak.
It takes courage, and this
is true courage to do this.
This is true strength to allow
yourself to be so weak that you
see all of your darkest parts.
And you're not afraid
to feel the pain that
will trigger inside of
you because it is only
in the feeling,
and the allowing,
and a welcoming of the
pain and the emotions
that these energies integrate
and return to the light.
You can't go around it.
You can't run away from it.
You can't escape it.
You must meet it.
>> And this meeting of the--
well, just meeting of
the fears is truly--
it seems most of humanity is
being faced with this right
now in many ways, is this--
and I'm assuming.
You can clarify it.
But I'm assuming that
this is the process
that we must go through in
order to meet these higher
energies to--
>> Yes.
It's like you're
having childbirth,
and you're going
down the birth canal.
And it's a dark place.
>> But there's always light
at the end of the tunnel.
>> There's always light
And that's where you're headed.
>> OK.
>> You can't go back
up the birth canal.
>> No, that would not
be good for our moms.
[LAUGHS]
>> [LAUGHS]
>> I hate to, again, look
outside of what's now,
but it's also exciting
to think about the future
and in a future reality
where a lot of the suffering
doesn't exist as it does now.
What do we have to look
forward to, if you can share.
And I'm not--
>> We would call
that "escapism."
>> OK, just to look forward
to something is escap--
>> We would call
that a "running away"
from what is right here right
now because a part of you feels
dissatisfied with it.
And we would ask you to ask
yourself, what part of me
is dissatisfied?
How am I not fully enjoying this
moment as perfection right now?
>> And in doing that,
for myself, I use--
I sort of have a vision of a--
what some people might
call a "utopian future."
And--
>> Utopia does not
exist in the future.
Utopia exists here and now.
And if you allow
yourself to identify
with this idea from your mind
that it exists in the future,
you will always be running to
another place in the future,
which escapes from the now.
Because the mind can
never be satisfied.
You may notice in your own life
when the mind has an idea, when
I get this relationship, when I
find a partner, I'll be happy.
>> Right.
>> And so then it waits, and it
looks, and it finds a partner.
And it is happy
for a short time.
>> For a short time, right.
>> And then a new desire to
jump to the future rises.
>> Right.
>> And it's the same
pattern of the mind.
And when you get to
your utopian future,
the mind will not be satisfied.
Your satisfaction is-- your
true, true satisfaction,
and bliss, and joy, and
peace is available to you
right here and
right now when you
allow yourself to surrender
fully to this moment,
and you become still.
>> I resonate with that.
I understand that.
But--
>> It's not enough
to understand it.
You must experience it.
>> You must experience.
Oh, and I-- no, I have.
Trust me.
I have been experiencing this--
>> Wonderful.
>> --a lot, the idea, the
mechanism of this looking
forward to the future.
And I understand
your perspective
of escapism, but is there not
an aspect of evolution that
comes through this idea as
far as striving to achieve--
>> Well, this is the
aggrandization of the ego that
likes to think it
is a powerful being.
I am responsible for the
evolution of humanity.
>> OK, I see.
So that--
>> It likes to feel special.
>> OK, so in reality--
>> We would chop off its head.
Whoosh.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> OK.
>> We don't mean to be
aggressive with you.
We simply play.
>> No, I understand.
Yeah, it's funny.
Yeah, I never thought about
chopping the ego's head off.
And--
>> And we also wish to clarify
then the ego is not something
bad, or evil, or wrong with you.
It is a natural
part of being human,
and it also serves
you in some ways.
>> Yeah.
>> So we don't wish to demonize
it and say that it's wrong
and it must go away.
We are just joking here.
And we're saying this so
that you can relax and enjoy
your ego for what it is.
And it only becomes
distorted or imbalanced
when you're identified
with it and you believe
that that's what you are.
>> Sure.
Yeah, thank you for clarifying.
Because I think people who are
new to this information might
knee-jerk reaction--
>> Yes, we felt that.
>> --think that they
have to cut the ego--
>> No, absolutely not.
>> --cut the ego's head off.
>> That would be to
cut a part of yourself.
>> Exactly, yes, thank you.
>> And we don't promote
violence in any way.
>> Thank you.
Thank you.
So I, you know--
again, I-- it's so weird.
I know the answer.
This is-- I get is
this-- and I don't--
>> That's wonderful.
We're very excited to hear
this when you ask us a question
and you tell us you
already know the answer.
>> We already know the answer,
and then we throw in a "but."
And we're going to say
"but," and we're-- and then
you're going to say
the same thing again.
But we're still going
to go, and we're
going to beat the dead horse.
>> Well, we enjoy this game.
>> We're going to--
>> We enjoy to play
with you in this way.
>> Yes, we're going to
beat the dead horse.
I see a world of disclosure
where we're interacting
with these other beings is very
exciting, in a world where we
are taking care of our
planet, which I'm doing now
is to the best of my ability
with all the options I have.
>> Wonderful.
>> But I al-- but I
still use the word "but."
And I--
>> You'll grow out of it.
>> I will.
I will.
But I still can see
five steps ahead of--
I'm taking care of the earth
in the best way I can now.
But I see five steps ahead where
I can take care of the earth
better.
And other people, together,
we can recognize this.
And--
>> No, this is wonderful.
This can also be a true desire
that's coming from your heart.
>> Yeah.
>> And we feel that,
in your case, it is.
And you'll be able to
discern if it's a true desire
and longing from your heart
and a creative expression
if it's joyful for
you to do this,
and you feel excited and
passionate about it--
>> Yes.
>> --or if it's something
that's causing you suffering
and misery.
And we feel, in your case,
it's a kind of creative drive
and inspiration.
And it's wonderful
that you act upon that.
>> So that, in that case, that
would not be the ego then,
right?
Because I--
>> Well, you must be vigilant
with ego because it's very
sneaky.
>> Yeah.
>> And it likes to
go in the back door.
And you've got to
remain vigilant with it.
>> I see.
>> And the most important is
to check in with yourself.
Is my energy focused in the
present moment right now?
And in the present moment, there
is also space for excitement
about what you wish to create.
But you're not
identified with it,
and caught up with
it, and already
there and away from here.
>> Yes, yes.
So it's al-- so as long as we
sort of check the checklist,
right?
>> Yes, check in with yourself.
Am I aware of how it feels
in my feet right now?
in my hands, in my gut?
How is it feeling in my body?
Are there any contractions?
And when you bring your
attention back into the body,
many times what you'll
notice is that a part of you
is tensed up, and
it's contracted.
And when it is, your energy
is not flowing freely.
So when you become
aware of that,
when you check in with
yourself-- ah, I'm tense here.
I have a knot in my stomach.
I have a tightness in my neck--
and breathe, and invite it to
relax, your system will open.
As your system opens and relaxes
on deeper and deeper levels,
the energy will
flow more freely,
and you'll become more
connected and aligned.
And it will be less pushing,
and resistance, and hard work,
and more allowing.
And what you need
will flow to you.
>> Great advice.
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah, that was one of the
tips I was looking for being
able to navigate this, these
changes in this energies,
these fears that we are
facing now as humanity.
>> What are you scared of?
>> Hm.
What am I scared of?
Well, I think part of
this download that I got,
this integrity, there's
some basic survival things
that I was not aware of that
I looked into because you
sort of push that away
when you're in your data,
like you said, staying busy,
get busy with everything else.
But I still had some
survival issues of,
how am I going to pay the bills?
How am I going to survive
in this structure,
this social structure of making
money, and earning your keep,
and all these things?
And I had some things
to look at in that area.
But I also felt it was
much bigger than me.
There's many people on
this planet who are still
facing those fears of survival.
And--
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> And we would ask you
that, when these fear comes,
to ask yourself, what is the
worst thing that can happen?
>> Mhm.
That's exactly what
I did, actually.
I looked up-- I looked
at that aspect of myself.
And I said, what's the
worst thing that can happen?
And I felt safe.
I felt that this--
in every moment up
until my life now,
I've always been taken care of.
I've always had everything
I've needed in the moment.
And I sort of used that.
I've used my life
experiences as an example
to release that energy, release
that fear because it was just,
again, sort of an
illusion, sort of an idea,
a concept that had been lurking.
>> Wonderful, wonderful.
Many of you, you're
afraid of your own fears.
And when you get
friendly with your fears,
and you start to make your
relationship with them,
and you don't run
away from them,
or try to avoid them,
or not face them,
when you find the
courage to face them,
what you will discover is that
these big monsters and demons
are little bunny rabbits.
And they are really great gifts.
So get curious about it.
And explore within yourself,
what am I scared of?
What's the worst
that could happen?
How would that feel?
And let yourself feel
that feeling right now.
And many times, when you
fully allow that feeling,
and you surrender
to it, and you let
it be, then what
you will recognize
is that there is an underlying
peace, and beauty, and bliss
that is always here, and it's
always accessible to you.
It just depends where you're
turning your attention.
And once you find
this place and you
know where to turn
your attention,
you can rest there
in every moment.
And you will be undisturbed
by the comings and goings
of life--
>> Mhm.
>> --by the temporary
experiences, by the thoughts,
by the emotions because you will
be the stillness at the bottom
of the ocean that does not
feel the waves and the storms
on the top of the water.
>> Beautifully said.
>> Thank you.
>> Yeah, it's a lot of
it's about perspective,
and how you see things,
and how you look at things.
Let's go ahead and take a break.
>> OK.
Thank you for interacting
with us today in this way.
>> Yes.
>> It was a great
pleasure for us.
And we greatly
admire your openness,
and your authenticity,
and your honesty.
And we feel these are
great qualities that
can be an inspiration to others
because we see that you're
truly living and embodying
that to which you
are learning and understanding.
And that is wonderful, and
we wish to acknowledge it.
And thank you for your being.
We see your purity of heart.
We see your beauty.
We see your light.
And we are very grateful
to have this opportunity
to connect with you.
We love you very much, and
we send you many blessings.
And we leave you
now, dear friend.
Goodbye.
>> Thank you.
>> [BREATHING DEEPLY]
>> And she's back.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> How was that?
>> Hi.
Good, good.
Did you enjoy?
>> Yeah, very good, very good.
So, went some places I wasn't
expecting to go to, it seems,
which is--
>> Yeah, yeah.
I mean, I never know
where it's going to go.
And that's the best
way really, just
to let it flow in the moment.
>> Yeah.
[BIRDS SQUAWKING]
>> Wow.
>> Those birds, yeah.
>> They're parrots.
>> So many parrots.
>> Yeah.
>> I've never seen so many.
>> Wow.
>> Maybe I'll check the
spiritual meaning of parrot.
>> Yeah, I've never
seen parrots in Burbank.
I see a whole bunch
of them over there.
>> Wow.
That's amazing.
Look how many.
>> Yeah.
[BIRDS SQUAWKING]
>> [LAUGHS] It's like
they're doing a show for us.
>> Yeah.
I've never seen this
in Burbank before.
We're in the parrot heaven.
[LAUGHS]
>> [LAUGHS] Wow.
Look.
>> Yeah.
That's kind of funny.
Well, we'll see what happens.
Why not?
[BIRDS SQUAWKING]
>> [BREATHING DEEPLY]
Hello.
Hello once more, dear friend.
We're so happy and excited
to reconnect with you
and communicate more
with you in this way.
>> Yes.
Thank you for coming back.
And we have several
friends here,
bird friends to share
the energy with.
I think Louise said
we could do some work
and await maybe for our audience
to understand how you work.
And I'm willing to
go down that path.
>> And you're willing
to be the Guinea pig.
>> Yes, I am.
>> Very well.
We'll be very happy to
support you in this process.
>> OK.
>> Please, close your eyes.
[BIRDS SQUAWKING]
>> Is it possible for us
to reschedule this with you
on another day?
>> Yes.
>> Because we feel that the
sound is too disruptive for you
to fully take advantage
of this process.
>> Yes, we'll find a
quieter spot in the future
and continue.
>> OK, we'd be very
happy to do that--
>> Oh, thank you so much.
>> --so you get the
most out of this.
Would you like to ask us
anything else right now?
>> What's the significance of
the parrots, if there is any?
>> We'll let you do your
research and figure that one
out for yourself.
>> OK, excellent.
Well, thank you.
I think I'll take you up
on the meditation when
in a quieter space.
Otherwise, until then.
>> Yes, yes.
We'd be very happy to get
you through this process
at an appropriate time and place
in your space-time continuum.
>> Thank you.
>> We're happy for this
short interaction with you.
Until next time,
dear friend, goodbye.
>> Goodbye.
[BIRDS SQUAWKING]
[LAUGHS] These guys--
>> I guess it wasn't
the right moment.
>> They came out of nowhere.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So we'll start by bringing
our attention to the breath
and just noticing how the
breath's gently moving through
the body.
And bring your attention
fully present to this moment.
Notice the sounds.
And notice the
feeling of beingness.
Feel your feet
touching the ground.
And allow your body to
gently relax and open.
And feel how you can
gently drop into the body,
becoming aware how
it feels in the body.
So you're noticing
the breath moving.
And you're becoming
aware of sensations.
Notice how it feels
inside the hands,
inside the abdomen,
the chest, the throat.
If any thoughts arise,
just noticed them.
Don't try to stop the thoughts.
Allow the thoughts to be there.
And turn your attention to that
which is aware of the thoughts.
Inquire into the nature
of that which is aware,
a pure awareness in which--
the space in which the
thoughts are arising.
And what you'll find is that
that awareness is a sense
of wholeness, completeness.
And there's a deep
sense of peace
as you gently relax
and open to that.
It has no name, no form,
no shape, no sides.
It just is.
It doesn't need anything.
It doesn't want anything.
Keep your attention as
that, just feeling "I am."
And notice how it
feels in the body.
If you notice any
sensations in the body
that might be
interpreted as emotions--
it could be boredom,
agitation, sadness, heaviness--
whatever is felt, take away
the mental interpretation
and the label of the experience.
And simply meet the
sensations as they
are without trying
to change anything,
without trying to get
rid of any sensations,
without trying to
become anything,
without expecting anything
from this moment, just a very
gentle letting go, and
letting go, and letting go,
and dropping into being.
If there is a sensation
somewhere in the body,
you might experience it
like you are a subject,
and the sensation is the object.
And you can move closer
to it by dropping into it
so fully that you become
one with the sensation,
by opening to feeling what is
here so fully that there's no
longer a subject and an object.
There is only feeling, being.
There is only this
present moment.
Many times, the mind will
try to jump in with some form
of resistance to this.
And that's OK.
If there is resistance
in the form of thoughts
or in the form of not
wanting to feel anything,
just notice that, and include
that also in your experience.
Nothing to change.
Nowhere to get to.
Nothing to become.
Fully embrace the perfection
of this moment, here and now.
Align fully with
this experience.
Say "yes" fully to
The only thing that
brings suffering
is when we argue with
the reality of what is,
when we have an idea of how
our experience of this moment
should be, and that idea
is different from how
this moment actually is.
So if we let go of this
idea and fully accept
whatever is here right
now, we like what is here.
We love what is here, and we're
grateful for what is here.
Then every moment is a blessing.
Every moment is a
gift to be enjoyed.
We can enjoy sounds which
the mind might interpret
or label as unpleasant because
there's no judgment of them.
There's just a
pure experiencing.
When we can experience
ourselves as this
"I am," this
beingness, we can be
one with the present moment
in every moment of our life,
and our whole life can
become a meditation.
So if you very
gently open your eyes
and you keep your
attention in the body,
you keep noticing the
movement of the breath,
keep noticing the sensation of
your feet touching the grass,
even when you stand up,
when you go to get a drink,
the meditation
continues because you're
connected within to this
deeper space of being.
>> Thanks.
Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And the paradox is--
[SAW BUZZING]
>> [LAUGHS]
>> Last time, we had the parrot
party, and now we've got--
>> Now we've got--
>> --the sawing--
>> --the sawing, yeah.
>> --party or
whatever he's doing.
>> I think he's cutting
some lumber or something.
You can only cut so
much lumber in one day,
so I know it's not
going to last forever.
Eventually, he has to do
something with the lumber,
right?
[SAW BUZZING]
[LAUGHS]
>> [LAUGHS]
>> Oh, my goodness.
>> Maybe we're supposed to do
a third interview next year,
Reuben.
>> Oh, my god.
I don't know if I can release--
wait that long to release this.
>> When will it be aired?
Do you know?
>> It's supposed
to air in March.
So--
>> This episode?
>> This episode, yeah.
I have to deliver it
before the end of the year.
>> OK.
OK.
>> That could be serious.
[SAW BUZZING]
>> It sounds like
he's chopping a che--
chopping a tree
down or something.
>> Yeah, yeah,
that's some weed--
some serious weed-whacking.